Welcome to the Internet of Drinks!

<click - Drunk pic 1>
What do you think of this situation?

<click - Drunk pic 2>
Or this?

<click - Drunk pic 3>
Or this one?

Would you like to avoid getting into such a condition? - Then you need our product!
And actually, if you do plan to get drunk, you need our product as well, so join us in the Internet of Drinks!

Vincent, Max, Sascha and Martin are best friends. At the moment, they are in a local (IoD-enabled ?) bar to have a drink (or two).
There, they get in touch with their first IoD-device, a cloud-connected breathalyzer. Each of them has an RFID tag to
identify themselves. <they show the tags. Martin starts to use the breathalyzer.> With this, Martin can measure his blood
alcohol level, which is pushed to the cloud and associated with his account automatically. <Martin is done measuring>
The beer'o'clock gives him direct feedback on his drunkenness status. <Beer'O'Clock moves>

<click - Dashboard>
In the online UI, he can check on his current and past alcohol level measurements. As you can see, all of them have
been busy.
<click - Martin's page>
Martin takes a look at his personal beer record. For this evening, he set himself a target alcohol level of 1.5 per mille.
The UI informs him that he needs another 1.5 l of beer to reach his goal. Therefore, he goes to the IoD Beer Dispenser
and helps himself to a freshly drawn beer.

Sascha, on the other hand, is the driver for the night. He needs to leave at 8 pm, for which he needs to be sober enough
to drive safely. Sascha checks his profile:

<click - Sascha's page>
The helpful UI tells him that he is on plan and can even drink another 100 ml of beer and still be sober in time!
Delighted by this fact, Sascha draws a fresh beer from the IoD Beer Dispenser.

Advatages:
- Other competitors only dispense hot or cold water, while we provide you with exactly the right amount of deliciously chilled beer.

Use-Cases:
- Automatic payment - even for half a beer
- Car Rental security - Car2Go car won't open if you're too drunk
